Tentacle manual uninstall updates (#1544)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/administration/managing-infrastructure/tentacle-configuration-and-file-storage/manually-uninstall-tentacle.md

6. Find and delete any Octopus certificates from the following certificate stores:
   - **`Local Computer\Octopus`**
   - **`Current User\Octopus`** - do this for any user accounts that have been used as the account for the Tentacle windows service

> 7. Find and delete any [scheduled tasks](https://octopus.com/docs/administration/managing-infrastructure/service-watchdog) associated with the Tentacle windows service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Find and delete any [scheduled tasks](/docs/administration/managing-infrastructure/service-watchdog.md) associated with the Tentacle windows service
```
